README.md, before:

# Read Eval Print Loop for GDScript

A Godot plugin that provides a tab in the Godot editor, which enables interactive code execution.

## Installation
Refer to the [Godot documentation for installing a plugin](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/plugins/editor/installing_plugins.html).

### Through AssetLib
* Click the `AssetLib` tab and search for `gdscript-repl`
* Find the plugin and install it
* Follow the instructions in the section `Enabling the Plugin`

### Manual Installation
* Download the Zip Archive and unpack it into your project's `addons/` folder
* Follow the instructions in the section `Enabling the Plugin`

### Enabling the Plugin
* Go to `Project > Project Settings`
* Click the `Plugins` tab
* Click the `Enable` checkbox next to the plugin `gdscript-repl`
* You should see the `REPL` tab at the bottom of the editor

## Contributing
To help, you can
* Submit issues to the github issue tracker.
	* If it's a bug, include the steps you took to create the error
	* Include what you expected to happen and what actually happened instead
* Even better, write a unit test that illustrates the problem.
	* If you submit unit tests, leave them commented out if you haven't also fixed the problem.
	* You can use the GUT plugin to run the tests.
	* You can also use the scripts under `scripts/` to run the unit tests.
* Submit pull requests.

## Licensing
Copyright (c) 2024 Justin Bangerter

License: BSD-3
See LICENSE.md

Commit message:

Add icon and example prompt to README.md

README.md, after:

![Icon that resembles a terminal prompt](icon.png)

# Read Eval Print Loop for GDScript

A Godot plugin that provides a tab in the Godot editor, which enables interactive code execution.

![Image with example output from terminal](docs/example-1.png)

## Installation
Refer to the [Godot documentation for installing a plugin](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/stable/tutorials/plugins/editor/installing_plugins.html).

### Through AssetLib
* Click the `AssetLib` tab and search for `gdscript-repl`
* Find the plugin and install it
* Follow the instructions in the section `Enabling the Plugin`

### Manual Installation
* Download the Zip Archive and unpack it into your project's `addons/` folder
* Follow the instructions in the section `Enabling the Plugin`

### Enabling the Plugin
* Go to `Project > Project Settings`
* Click the `Plugins` tab
* Click the `Enable` checkbox next to the plugin `gdscript-repl`
* You should see the `REPL` tab at the bottom of the editor

## Contributing
To help, you can
* Submit issues to the github issue tracker.
	* If it's a bug, include the steps you took to create the error
	* Include what you expected to happen and what actually happened instead
* Even better, write a unit test that illustrates the problem.
	* If you submit unit tests, leave them commented out if you haven't also fixed the problem.
	* You can use the GUT plugin to run the tests.
	* You can also use the scripts under `scripts/` to run the unit tests.
* Submit pull requests.

## Licensing
Copyright (c) 2024 Justin Bangerter

License: BSD-3
See LICENSE.md
